* 2025-03-05:
  * Removed the `active` property from `idnTableRequest` objects, and made
    the `testLabels` propoerty required.
* 2025-02-14:
  * The `testResult` type has been changed to remove the `nullable` setting
    as this was found to cause problems with code generators. Instead, a
    new (and default) value of `not-started` has been added to the enum.
* 2025-02-12:
  * The `eppSafeCodePoints` property in `idnTable` and `idnTableRequest`
    objects has been updated to allow a sequence of code points, to support
    scripts such as Thaana which have context rules that mean that random
    selection of code points could result in invalid labels.
* 2025-01-28:
  * The `result` property of test objects is now nullable.
* 2024-12-11:
  * Fixed the regular expression used to validate members of the
    `eppSafeCodePoints` property of IDN table objects.
* 2024-11-27:
  * Added the `files-needed` status to test requests to indicate that one or
    more files that must be uploaded before a test run can be started.
  * Added the `missingFiles` property to test objects to provide a list of
    any files that must be uploaded before a test run can be started.
* 2024-11-13:
  * The `eppSafeCodePoints` property has been added to the `idnTable` and
    `idnTableRequest` object types, to faciliate EPP testing in TLDs which
    have an `idnOnly` property of `true`.
  * The requirement that the `isReferenceLGR` property of IDN table objects
    **MUST** be `true` has been removed.
* 2024-09-17: The following endpoints responded with a `201` HTTP status,
  when `204` should have been used:
  * `GET /v1/heartbeat`
  * `POST /v1/test/{id}/inputs`
  * `POST /v1/test/{id}/files`
  * `POST /v1/test/{id}/result`
  * `PUT /v1/table/{id}`
  * `DELETE /v1/table/{id}`
* 2024-09-12: Clarified access control rules for IDN table objects so users
  can always access the objects they created.
* 2024-09-04:
  * Full test run information is no longer in responses to `GET /v1/test/{id}`
    requests, which will instead include a link to a `GET /v1/test/{id}/{runID}`
    sub-resource.
  * added `cancelled` to the `testResult` enum.
  * allow administrators to change the status of a test to `cancelled`.
  * added the `INFO` severity to the enum of allowed values for the
    `severity` property of `testCaseLogMessage` objects.
  * the `context` property of `testCaseLog` objects has been removed, the
    information will be included in the `log` property instead.
* 2024-08-07:
  * The response to `GET /v1/tests` and `GET /v1/tables` requests now
    include summaries of the matching objects (`testRequestSearchResult`
    and `idnTableSearchResult`), rather than the full objects.
* 2024-07-31:
  * Fixed the JSON examples in the description of the `tlds` property of
    `testRequest` and `testRequestSubmitted` objects.
* 2024-07-03:
  * `x-constraints` properties have been added to input parameter schemas,
    where appropriate, to facilitate automated validation in Java
    applications.
  * When creating tests in the OT&E environment, the `rsp` and `clientIDs`
    **MUST** now be specified and **MUST** contain the FQDN at which a TLSA
    record that validates the client certificate is published.
* 2024-06-26:
  * added the `/v1/resource/{file}` endpoint.
* 2024-06-05:
  * added the `errorCode` property to `rstError` objects.
  * As per Public Comment feedback, clarified that for TLDs that are not
    subject to rules relating to the allocatability of IDN variants, the
    `variants` property of `idnTestLabel` objects **MUST** be empty.
* 2024-05-16:
  * Significant overhaul of the structure of the `idnTableRef`,
    `idnTableRequest` and `idnTable` schemas, based on internal discussions
    regarding requirements for IDN variants. A reference implementation of
    the algorithm for computing lists of test domains is also [available in
    the GitHub repository](https://github.com/icann/rst-api-spec/blob/dev/etc/idn-test-reference.js).
  * Added the `idnOnly` property to `tldInfo` objects.
  * Defined a new `rstError` object type which describes the response body
    used whenever there is an error.
  * Clarified that input parameters can still be submitted when a test
    has the `inputs-complete` status.
  * Added the `heartbeat` operation to test that the service is up.
  * Moved the `/v1` prefix from the `servers` part of the spec into the
    individual `paths`.
  * Extract the schema for files included in `testRequestSubmitted` into
    `fileRef`.
* 2024-03-20:
  * The `id` property of `testRequestSubmitted` objects is now a string, not
    and integer.
* 2024-03-13:
  * Variant labels in an IDN table may have exceptional allocation policies
    when allocated in the same TLD as the primary label, or in a variant
    TLD.
* 2024-03-06:
  * the `caseId` property of the `testCaseLog` object, and the `code`
    property of the `testCaseLogMessage` object are now enums, which are
    generated from the test specs.
* 2024-02-28:
  * As per the last release, only a single YAML file is now built from the
    source file, that contains both "internal" and "external" endpoints. The
    "internal" view is no longer published.
  * To work better with code generators, the following changes have been
    made:
    * The specification now conforms to [v3.0.3](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/v3.0.3)
      of the OpenAPI specification instead of v3.1.0. This means that many
      aspects of the API specification and object schemas (including those
      of input parameters) have been changed to avoid using features only
      available in v3.1.0 of the OpenAPI spec. This includes the `examples`
      property for all JSON types, which means that the examples shown in
      the HTML representation of the API spec are now less useful than they
      were previously.
    * The following changes have been made to `testCaseLog` objects:
      * The `code` and `codeRef` properties are now optional instead of
        nullable.
      * The `context` property has been changed so that property values are
        always strings.
    * The `securitySchemes` property has been removed, since code generators
      don't seem to offer good support for mutual TLS. The requirement for
      client TLS authentication has not changed, however.
    * All usages of the `patternProperties`  feature of JSON Schema have
      been changed to avoid their use. Some may still be present in the
      input parameters.
  * Changes to IDN table objects:
    * The `variants` property of entries in the `validLabels` property of
      `idnTable` objects has been changed to an array of objects, so the
      corresponding language tag can be included.
    * The `lgrXML` property of `idnTable` object has been removed.
    * Renamed the `supportLevel` property to `variantSupportLevel`.
    * The operation to create a new IDN table object uses `idnTableRequest`
      as the request body payload, which does not allow for inclusion of
      server-generated object properties.
    * In OT&E, only Reference Second-Level LGRs can be used.
  * `type` properties for `enum` types have been reinstated.
* 2024-02-21:
  * Test properties (such as `applicationId` and `rsp`) that were previously
    ignored in OT&E now **MUST** be omitted.
  * When IDN table objects are created in OT&E, they **MUST** have a
    `isReferenceLGR` property that is `true`.
  * Simplified object schemas by marking properties as required (and others
    as therefore optional) avoiding the need to have nullable properties.
  * IDN tables are now referenced by a unique ID rather than the `{rsp, tag,
    version}` triple.
  * The internal and external views are now identical. The separate files
    will be removed in the next release.
  * Added the `supportLevel` property to the `idnTableRef` type.
  * Some IDN table management endpoints are now accessible to external
    clients.
  * Make access control policies clearer and more consistent.
  * Remove `DELETE /tests/{id}` endpoint.
  * Fix schema definition for the `Location` header in `POST /test`
    responses.
  * Changes only relevant to internal users:
    * Change the `client` parameter to `GET /tests` to `rsp`.
    * Reinstate query parameters for `GET /tables`.
    * The `PATCH /test/{id}` endpoint has been replaced with `POST
      /test/{id}/run` and `POST /test/{id}/result`.
    * Simplified IDN table management, so that test labels are provided when
      the table object is created.

* 2024-02-14:
  * Switch to a weekly release cycle.
  * Use a date-based version number instead of a commit-based version, ahead
    of switching to a weekly release cycle.

* 2024-01-31:
  * Add this change log.
  * Minimise the delta between the internal and external view.
